Rob Brown
rob.brown@gmail.com

33 Beardmore Crescent - Acton, Ontario L7J 2Z1 - Canada 519-341-5293 

Online resume (password: robbrown): http://robisit.emurse.com/
Blog: http://www.RobIsIT.com/
Twitter: http://twitter.com/RobIsIT/
Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/in/robisit

-
Objective 
-

Enjoys fast-paced technical environments with challenging goals.  Resourceful, entrepreneurial, and outgoing Information Technology professional with 15 years of multi-faceted experience in networking, programming, internet development, support and team management. Offers proven multi-tasking and result oriented planning and problem solving capabilities.

-
Work Experience 
-

CEO
2008 - Present
Agent Revenue, Toronto, Ontario

There is a need for real estate agents to improve how they market themselves and the properties they represent online. Many Realtors currently use inadequate methods when they display and market a property online.

Developed a unique line of high-quality online and print marketing products to solve the technical and marketing problems that real estate agents have.

Programmed an online content management system for the Real Estate Industry that allows properties to be professionally represented to potential clients.

Produced professional quality architectural photography, audio and video to help Real Estate Agents market their products and services

Used traditional and unique Search Engine Optimization and Search Engine Marketing processes to increase exposure to individual properties, real estate agents and entire brokerages.

-

Vertical Manager
2008 - 2010
Mahalo.com, Toronto, Ontario and California

Mahalo.com is a California based I.T. startup that describes itself as the first "Human Powered Search Engine".

My position as a Vertical Manager gave me the opportunity to contribute in a number of different ways.  I was consulted on new features and contribute to the development of a large amount of content in the current system.

Responsibilities included: Creating new written content for the site, acting as the Copy Editor for user submitted content, independently developing new content ideas and categories with the goal of making money and using search engine optimization and marketing techniques to increase the revenue of topics.

Fostered the community and helped users to overcome the challenges they experienced by producing tutorial videos, documentation, weekly e-mail newsletters and direct one-to-one communication.

-

I.T. Manager
2007 - 2008
FibreNextTech Communications Inc., Toronto, Ontario and Calgary, Alberta

Responsible for the creation of a new web based project management application that is unique to the telecommunications industry that FibreNextTech participates in.

Acted as the primary Project Manager for a variety of new software applications.

Develop, create, refine and document many core business processes.

Solve day-to-day technical problems in multiple locations throughout Canada.

-

Chief Technology Officer
2004 - 2007
Gallery Traffic Service, Orangeville, Ontario

Created the business and programmatic processes of many core systems by managing the flow of information, employees, and technology through a multi-million dollar advertising agency.

Pioneered a completely new form of online advertising.

Acted as the Project Manager for a variety of important projects.

As a leader and as a team member, fostered technical projects from invention through implementation directly and significantly increasing revenue.

Worked as part of the executive management team to plan and implement company wide strategy.

-

Curriculum Writer
2004 - 2005
Desire2Learn, Kitchener, Ontario

Worked as a member of a team to create the first online High School in Canada.

Developed and implemented a unique and new method of combined "mixed presence" education over the course of 2 years.

Working with other Teachers and Curriculum Writers, I developed Ontario Ministry of Education curriculum based lesson plans in English, Math, Science, and Technological Studies.

Composed content for various courses including TIK2O, Computer Science. This is a complete online course consisting of over 1500 pages complete with illustrations, flash animations, sounds, assignments, etc.

-

Teacher, Chief Technology Officer
1999 - 2004
Hillcrest Private School, Orangeville, Ontario

Planned, developed, and implemented the technological infrastructure offered throughout the two campuses of the prestigious school. 

Taught grades 9, 10, and 11 as the primary classroom teacher for two complete years in a revolutionary new concept classroom. 

Taught grades 7 and 8 as the comprehensive primary classroom teacher for a complete year. 

Taught grades 7 and 8 Science and Math for 4 years. 

Regularly developed and taught technology lessons to help the entire staff use technology in creative ways throughout their regular lessons and day-to-day activities. 

-

1996 - Present
Independent Consultation, Multiple Locations, Worldwide

I am regularly hired to consult by small and large companies alike to provide assistance where my knowledge and experience intersect. 

My most current consultations include: Business planning for a Mobile technology company, Linux system administration for a large website hosting company, Application programming using PHP and mySQL for a social networking website.

-
Skills 
-

Deeply motivated with a strong track record showing that I excel at whatever I do. 

Advanced knowledge and professional application of object oriented programming languages and database applications including but not limited to: PHP, .NET, ASP, Perl, and Java, mySQL, Microsoft Access, etc.  Currently working on projects involving Python and Django.

Advanced knowledge of server hardware, software and bandwidth.  I can easily configure, maintain and administer local and remote servers with a variety of configurations.  Specific experience with cloud computing involving Amazon's EC2, Rackspace Cloud, etc.

Excellent written and oral communication skills. I can easily break apart complex processes to help others understand them. 

Excel in group situations. It is unusual for a technical person to be outgoing and social. I am comfortable speaking, teaching, or presenting to large groups of people in a professional, friendly manner. 

Advanced knowledge of business concepts. I can create end-to-end business processes complete with industry standard documentation employing the SDLC. 

Advanced knowledge of both wired and wireless networking and telecommunication concepts. Specific experience with Cisco, Lucent, Nortel, and Juniper hardware. 

Advanced knowledge of computer hardware and software applications. 

In-depth knowledge of online advertising and marketing techniques.

-
Education
-

Diploma in Information Technology
1998 - 2002 
Humber College